Documentation: Installing Jenkins in Kubernetes: added missed links (#4069)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/installing/_kubernetes.adoc

=== Install Jenkins

We will deploy Jenkins including the Jenkins Kubernetes plugin.

> https://github.com/jenkinsci/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/jenkins[Here] you can find the official chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the https://github.com/jenkinsci/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/jenkins[official chart] for more details.
```

----
3. Login with the password from step 1 and the username: admin
4. Use Jenkins Configuration as Code by specifying configScripts in your values.yaml file.

>    See the configuration as code https://plugins.jenkins.io/configuration-as-code/#documentation[documentation] and  https://github.com/jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin/tree/master/demos[examples].

Reviewer: There is a markup for plugins described in the [styleguide](https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/blob/master/STYLEGUIDE.adoc#references-to-plugins) that simplifies these types of references
```suggestion
   See the plugin:configuration-as-code[configuration as code documentation] and  https://github.com/jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin/tree/master/demos[examples].
```
